Ruby-based Web Application which lists Open Source companies.

= Why is it important?
Knowing what other companies are in your ecosystem is important. This is no different in Open Source. You can make contacts, learn about new services and group together to reduce training costs or collaborate with each other. This is why it's key that we create a community of Open Source companies to help drive innovation and develop new exciting opportunities together.

weuseopensource is a project to try and help with that.


== Getting started
weuseopensource is built on Sinatra and DataMapper. You'll need to have somethings in place before commencing development, namely


Installing the prerequisite gems
  gem sources -a http://gems.github.com (you only ever have to do this once)
  sudo gem install sinatra datamapper data_objects do_sqlite3 uuidtools nakajima-rack-flash
  sudo gem install ruby-debug (only needed if you plan to carry out command line debugging)

Note: To run weuseopensource out of the box, Ruby version required is 1.8.7. If you want to use Ruby 1.8.6 then please install the ruby 'extensions' gem (http://extensions.rubyforge.org/rdoc/index.html) via...
  sudo gem install extensions

... and after the line that requires rubygems at the top of companies.rb put a require 'extensions/string'

... and change line 59 of companies.rb (at time of writing) from calling website.start_with? to website.starts_with?

... and yes, you're right that is a bit of a pain

Note: On Ubuntu, you will need to have libsqlite3-dev installed via apt

  sudo aptitude install libsqlite3-dev

Final touches
  Rename the main.css.sample file to main.css in the public/stylesheets directory. You can then extend the main.css file as appropriate.
  Rename the industry_list.rb.sample file to list_industry.rb in the root directory. You can then extend the industry_list.rb file as appropriate.
  Rename the views/footer.erb.sample file to views/footer.erb.sample in the root directory. You can then extend the views/footer.erb file as appropriate.
